landscape photography landscape
photography is one of the most popular
topics among photo hobbyists you just
need to know a few things before you
begin first the light you should observe
the position of the Sun then we can
decide whether to take a picture with
either front or back light frame the
pictures carefully the final frame
cannot be random let's also not forget
about the perspective and the fact that
will be affected by the focal length of
the lens I look for an interesting take
we can decide to shoot with front or
back light now I try to capture the
landscape with front light today we are
incredibly lucky because the clouds are
spectacular landscape photos usually
make a better impression when the sky is
not absolutely clear the clouds today
will make great captures it can use them
to fill the entire frame it is not a
particularly good idea to put the
horizon in the middle of the shot it
will be best to put the horizon in 2/3
or 1/3 of the shot horizon in the middle
doesn't look too well now I try to take
a shot the clouds are really fantastic
it's a perfect occasion to use one of my
favorite lenses the 11 to 18 super wide
angle lens thanks to the wide angle
perspective the clouds will be somewhere
here in the shot
having attached the lens I came up with
one more idea here we've got a patch of
lawn the angle of the lens is wide
enough to frame the grass in the bottom
of the horizontal shot it will nicely
lead the eyes through the filter
the left side of the shot might be a bit
dark so I've changed the image saving
mode to raw plus JP G in the raw format
I will be able to give more light to
many details and increase the available
tonal range here we also use the clouds
in the shot
you might try to shoot against the light
the situation is totally different the
trees are all in the shade the water
surface is nice and way to here I think
we might try a low-salt here and capture
a few trees with a longer lens let's see
first what can be done with the 11 to 18
you can also see the clouds but in this
shot the sky will not take that much of
a shot because its color is brighter
than on the other side the lake and the
water will make the main subject of the
photo
the Sun is in the shot and I hope that
with the wide angle of the 11 to 18 lens
we might try to shoot a really
interesting landscape filter
great now in this lovely scenery I'd
like to find an interesting spot where I
could show you what perspective is and
how it is determined by the lens focal
length this is a very good spot to
demonstrate how the perspective in the
photo is affected by the lens focal
length that we use the bridge I'm
standing on right now will serve as an
example in a moment I will take four
pictures each one using different lens
focal length first I'll select focal
length of 18 millimeters then 35
millimeters and 55 millimeters and the
last picture 100 millimeters using 4
photos as examples it will be easy to
illustrate how the perspective and the
entire shots changes the height of the
barrier will stay the same in the 4
shots the Sun is already low so I'll
take the tripod to achieve the right
depth of field and I'll use aperture 11
or even 16 the shutter speed should be
pretty slow now let's begin now I have
achieved the maximum focal length of the
scanned at 55 millimeter zoom so I'll
switch to the 55 to 200 millimeter lens
and then I will be able to take the last
photo at a hundred millimetres the 100
focal length is already pretty long so
I'll have to move away from the bridge
the four shots are ready let's have a
look at them
you
landscape photography is really
enjoyable photographs are nice and the
landscape is accessible to everyone it's
worth remembering about the few things
I've mentioned but most of all about
direction of the light let's pay
attention to the Sun position and see
whether the landscape or other subject
will look better in front or back light
we also need to frame carefully and make
sure that what we see in the viewfinder
makes the final shot you should also
observe the perspective which is
affected by lens focal length we can
change the lens and look for the best
perspective but most of all we should
keep experimenting and looking for our
own ways of photography landscapes we'd
like to thank the tourist Culture Centre
in Google